
---------------PACKING LIST---------------
true, false, true, true, false, true, true, false, true, false, 
false, true, false, true, false, true, true, false, false, false, 
false, true, true, false, true, false, false, false, true, true, 
true, false, false, false, true, false, true, false, true, false, 
false, false, true, false, true, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, true, 
false, false, true, true, false, true, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, true, true, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, 
true, false, false, false, false, true, false, false, true, false, 
true, false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, true, false, true, false, false, true, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false, true, 
false, false, true, false, true, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, true, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, true, false, false, false, true, false, true, true, false, 
true, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, 
false, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false, true, 
true, false, true, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, true, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false, 
false, true, false, false, false, false, true, true, false, false, 
false, true, false, false, false, true, false, false, true, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, true, true, false, false, false, 
false, false, true, false, false, false, false, true, false, true, 
false, false, false, false, false, true, true, true, true, true, 
false, false, true, true, true, false, false, false, true, true, 
false, false, true, true, false, false, true, false, false, false, 
false, false, true, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, true, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, true, false, false, false, false, true, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, true, 
true, true, false, false, false, false, false, true, false, false, 
false, true, false, true, true, false, false, false, true, false, 
false, false, true, true, false, false, true, false, false, true, 
true, false, false, false, true, false, false, false, true, false, 
false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, 
false, false, false, false, true, true, false, false, false, false, 
false, true, false, true, false, false, true, false, false, false, 
false, true, true, false, true, true, false, false, false, true, 

---------------RESULT---------------

Total items packed: 109
Total Utility: 732.3
Total Weight: 500.0
